## PROJECT 3 - FLU VACCINATION MACHINE LEARNING PROJECT
 ### Overview
 As the world struggles to vaccinate the global population against COVID-19, an understanding of how people’s backgrounds, opinions, and health behaviors are related to their personal vaccination patterns can provide guidance for future public health efforts. Your audience could be someone guiding those public health efforts.

### Business Problem
Vaccination, as one of the most successful public health interventions led to the elimination and control of diseases that were once common throughout the world. Despite overwhelming medical evidence and the unanimous position of medical professionals in favor of vaccination, the number of people skeptical about vaccination has grown in many countries in recent years. The consequence of this alarming trend is a decline in immunization coverage. Several outbreaks of infectious diseases have been linked to undervaccinated communities. The problem of expanding vaccine rejection has begun to be so widespread that it became the subject of many studies aimed at understanding the sources and correlations of attitudes toward vaccination.

The aim of this study is to predict how likely individuals are to receive their H1N1 flu vaccine, specifically, to predict the probabilities for h1n1_vaccine. We believe the prediction output of this study will give public health professionals and policy makers, as an end user, a clear understanding of factors associated with low vaccination rates. This in turn, capacitiate end users to systematically act on those features hindering people to get vaccinated. The methodologies used in these models can be used as a reference for future work, and also can be compared with different models for performance evaluation. In cognizant of the data type we have and our objectives, classification models, logistic regrssion, decision tree, random forest, kNN will be implemented. So as to classify exactly those who got H1N1 flu shot from those that did not, we need a higher accuracy of the model outputs, which indirectly shows very low false positive(those who considered vaccinated but did actually not get h1n1 flu shot) rate. This will be further assessed using the ROC curve, accuracy, precision, and confusion matrix.
